would have a hard time sitting through this one
have a hard time sitting through this one
Aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash
self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash
Trouble Every Day is a plodding mess .
is a plodding mess
plodding mess
could hate it for the same reason
hate it
hate
is Oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that
baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic
Hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire .
a self-indulgent script
There 's very little sense to what 's going on here ,
avoid
almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .
The movie 's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error . '
The movie 's progression into rambling incoherence
gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error . '
` fatal script error
fatal script error
Tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality .
of narrative banality
bad
'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , I do n't see the point
honestly , I do n't see the point
clunky TV-movie approach
Thanks largely to Williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film .
the rest is just an overexposed waste of film
is just an overexposed waste of film
an overexposed waste of film
an overexposed waste
Comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible .
as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible
Run for your lives !
Run for your lives
makes your teeth hurt
Its generic villains lack any intrigue -LRB- other than their funny accents -RRB- and the action scenes are poorly delivered
Its generic villains lack any intrigue -LRB- other than their funny accents -RRB- and
Downright transparent is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' PG-13 rating .
is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' PG-13 rating .
is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' PG-13 rating
is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes
endless assault
embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes
impossible
goes overboard with a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub .
directed , barely ,
's lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another
lazy for a movie
of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching Disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel
Disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel
Scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres graced with its company .
Scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres
Scarcely worth a mention
Scarcely worth
apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres
on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres
of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres
tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres
`` Analyze That '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .
Analyze That '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .
'' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .
is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .
of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original
those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original
those crass , contrived sequels
crass , contrived sequels
that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original
fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original
fails
's not a particularly good film
is -RRB- the comedy equivalent of Saddam Hussein , and I 'm just about ready to go to the U.N. and ask permission for a preemptive strike .
is -RRB- the comedy equivalent of Saddam Hussein , and I 'm just about ready to go to the U.N. and ask permission for a preemptive strike
is so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys .
is so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys
A mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird Masterpiece Theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being
Takes one character we do n't like and another we do n't believe , and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is n't very funny
do n't like
another we do n't believe , and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is n't very funny
is impossible to care about and is n't very funny
then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest .
The whole film has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product .
this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
-- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
bogged down in earnest dramaturgy
cheap
Violent , vulgar and forgettably
vulgar
