This quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking .
quiet , introspective and entertaining independent
entertaining
is worth seeking
A positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a Shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera
A positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder
thrilling
A comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis .
nearly epic
rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis .
in a sincere performance
a sincere performance
sincere performance
recommend Snow Dogs
high hilarity
The performances are an absolute joy .
are an absolute joy .
an absolute joy
joy
extravagant
better
this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .
is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .
a sweet and modest
sweet
ultimately winning story
dizzily gorgeous
Love -- very much
Love
Best indie of the year , so far .
Best
indie of the year , so far
impeccable
well-constructed narrative
the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies
the runaway success of his first film , The Full Monty ,
the runaway success
amusing
young romantics
If a horror movie 's primary goal is to frighten and disturb , then They works spectacularly well ... A shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .
, then They works spectacularly well ... A shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .
then They works spectacularly well ... A shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .
They works spectacularly well ... A shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .
works spectacularly well ... A shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .
works spectacularly well ... A shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride
spectacularly well
spectacularly
the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling -LRB- though no less horrifying for it -RRB-
sensational true-crime
sensational
satisfying
Jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .
has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .
tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers
drawn engaging characters
engaging
memorable
Bloody Sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made .
has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made .
has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made
the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made
grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made
to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made
call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made
making it one of the best war movies ever made
it one of the best war movies ever made
one of the best war movies ever made
of the best war movies ever made
the best war movies ever made
best war movies
Perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but it is .
Perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but it is
` refreshing
Both lead performances are Oscar-size .
a smart new comedy
smart new comedy
smart
impressed
good fun
fun
A smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : It gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic .
A smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : It gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic
A smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible :
A smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible
smart , provocative drama
provocative drama
does the nearly impossible
very funny
has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll
made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll
you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll
clever
This is a heartfelt story
heartfelt story
An unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that does its predecessors proud .
An unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that
, memorable cinematic experience
does its predecessors proud
proud
it 's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones Hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
