is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
bogged down in earnest dramaturgy
cheap
Violent , vulgar and forgettably
vulgar
at the expense of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it
It 's hard to say who might enjoy this
hard to say who might enjoy this
The movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension .
The movie is silly beyond comprehension , and
Poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action .
Poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue
Poor editing , bad bluescreen , and
Poor editing , bad bluescreen
bad bluescreen
completely misses its emotions
failing , ultimately ,
failing , ultimately
There 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : Mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces .
There 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : Mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces
There 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : Mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up
stale and uninspired .
and uninspired .
uninspired .
, it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .
could force you to scratch a hole in your head .
could force you to scratch a hole in your head
you to scratch a hole in your head
convoluted
violence
Has no reason to exist , other than to employ Hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents .
Nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises .
unfocused
dull
Starts out mediocre , spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .
spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .
of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion
the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion
with an utterly incompetent conclusion
an utterly incompetent conclusion
utterly incompetent conclusion
utterly incompetent
Horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible .
filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible .
